[MUSIC]
>> Brian: So
let's reorganize this little bit.
So some weird codes really should be
getting from this right now is we have
this outer search page, but then we
have this interior thing right here,
this is kind of like weird, right?
This really should be a separate
component, right, cuz it's,
I don't know, we have multiple concerns
here and that should feel weird to you.
So what we're gonna do is we're
actually going to create another file,
call it ShowCard.jsx inside of JS.
Okay and then we're gonna come over here
to search and we're just gonna rip out
the middle part here to ShowCard.
>> Brian: So
we're bringing in const React
equals require react and
here const ShowCard equals and
here we're going to use props with
our status component just paste
all that stuff that we got from,
from search, right?
I just copied and
pasted everything that was here into here.
But now it's not called show any more.
They're coming in via props, right?
So what we need to do is we need to
put props in front of all of these.
So we're gonna say props dot,
right props dot show dot
poster props that show the title props
that show that year and props that show
that description right cuz those are going
to be passed in to us via props.
Any questions about that?
>> Brian: And
then we also have to export
down here the bottom,
module.exports = ShowCard.
>> Brian: Okay so
now we're assuming these props
are gonna come down to us.
Now we actually have to make sure that
those props actually do eventually get
passed down to us.
So let's go do that in search.
Does anyone have any questions
about ShowCard before I jump off?
Give me a sec to see if
people are catching up.
Okay, so come here.
First thing we're going
to do is we're going to
pull in a ShowCard, ./ShowCard
>> Brian: And
then we can just delete everything
in here and we're gonna say,
>> Brian: First of all your linter's gonna
start yelling at you here momentarily,
we'll fix that too,
ShowCard show equals show, right.
So show, this show,
the green show in this particular case
that's the name of the property
we're passing it down as and
then this show right here
refers to this one right here.
So if you want to, I don't know,
you can call it S or
whatever right, just to demonstrate
to you that they're different right.
This is whatever you're passing down.
>> Brian: Okay?
So this is a little bit better
abstraction that we have going here.
So save that.
And now we get a bunch of linting errors,
ignore them for
the moment we will take
care of them momentarily.
But yeah props validation problems.
>> Brian: But
right now this should still work.
>> Brian: So
everything still works despite the fact
that we still get this key error but we're
gonna fix that here in a sec as well.
>> Brian: Any
questions about what's going on so far?
>> Speaker 2: So
after you saved and
it showed all the linting errors,
is it still recompiled and the file in
the browser is the updated version,
it didn't stop.
>> Brian: Correct.
So lint is not gonna stop your build,
it's just going to yell at you.
I believe you actually can
make lint stop your build.
Choose not to because oftentimes I want to
test something and I don't wanna make it
lint complaint, I just want to throw it
on the page and make it do something.
Hence, like sometimes I just
know that I know I have
linting errors but I'll fix them later.
But that's a great question.
>> Speaker 3: Your question is
why does the attribute called show?
What dictates that?
>> Brian: Me.
It's whatever I want to call it.
I can call it that if
you can pronounce it.
You just have to refer to it as such,
right.
>> Speaker 4: That's where you reference
in ShowCard when
>> Brian: Yeah.
>> Speaker 4: props dot.
>> Brian: Props.show right,
those two correspond to each other.
>> Speaker 3: And then somebody else
asked wouldn't it be better to pass
individual properties such as title, year,
description?
>> Brian: It can be.
It's up to you and
I'm actually gonna show you an easy
way to kind of do that, momentarily.
Actually it's literally the next
thing I'm gonna show you.
[LAUGH] Is that the next
thing I'm gonna show you?
That's pretty close.
>> Speaker 5: I have a quick question.
>> Brian: Yeah.
>> Speaker 5: Is there anything passed in
the props object,
that you're not passing in explicitly?
Like are there other attributes on that?
>> Brian: If you look
at the props of different routes,
for, not ShowCard but like search,
react router passes in a bunch of stuff
that you would might not be expecting.
But in terms of like from search
to ShowCard, it literally,
I believe will just be show
in this particular case.
I don't think there's
anything else special.
So, that actually brings up a kind of an
interesting point like something you might
be wanting at some point is
like what's my parent, right.
That's something that people will
find themselves asking in react and
it's the wrong question to ask, right,
it's actually the question that react
deliberately avoids answering for you.
You'll hear something with react that
will make more sense when we talk
about Redux but,
it's props down actions up.
The basic gist of and probably the most
important concept that react presents to
the world is not really invented by react
but it certainly was popularized in
the front end world by react,
is that there is one way data flow, right.
So I have a parent that has data, right,
and the parent passes data down to
the child, right, and then that child
passes more data down to its child but
they have no concept of data going
up it's only data going down, right.
So what's really, really wonderful is
that if this parent is having a bug
none of it's children could have caused it
because the children can't actually affect
the parent right only the parent
can affect the children, right.
So it basically is limiting
your surface of bugs, right.
And that's kinda of the,
as I've gotten more and
more experience with programming that's
something that I found that's like
the more and more I restrict my
capabilities and abilities in programming
that also means that I'm restricting my
surface that I can get bugs on, right.
Because if I can make
assumptions about my codes,
I know nothing changed in this function,
thus I know that my state problem
over here was not caused by this function,
right?
And that's what react aims to do
with these props down actions up.
We'll talk about actions up
in here in a little bit, but
basically when the children
wants to modify it's parent or
it basically says hey parent this
happened, you take care of it, right?
So basically the child just lets
the parent know I have an event,
now it's your problem to deal with it.
That's the actions up philosophy.
>> Brian: So the nice
thing about that is there is no hard
dependency between ShowCard and search.
So for example if we had a details page
which actually we will momentarily have
a details page and we want to use these
little ShowCards on the details page as
like, here are some related shows to
the show that you're currently watching,
we can just throw in ShowCards, right?
We don't even have to modify
anything like that because
this would fit really nicely at
the bottom of a page, right.
Magical,right, it's now making
our components reusable.
So this approach of actions down,
sorry, actions up and
props down definitely does take some
retraining of your user interface brain.
I would suggest that I
have found it worth it and
that you would find it worth it as well.
It makes the bugging so much easier.